---
layout: post
title: My Technological Nightmares Part 1!
categories: [introduction]
tags: [me]
fullview: false
comments: false
---

***Disclaimer: this was written back in 2017.***

**First Nightmare**

When I first came to Yangon in 2016 December, I came with a big dream. I wanted to provide a solution to the copy right issues which is currently affecting the music industry badly. At first I thought about developing an android application in which songs could be streamed online and played offline only with my application. And then I would pay the stakeholders (artists, company etc) depending on the stream price of the song.(Yes exactly like Spotify). Back in Mandalay I studied android application development via Udacity and I completed four courses (Completed sunshine app if you know what I mean). Things were going ok and I found out that there was a study group in Yangon for CS50 which I enrolled in 2015 and didn’t complete. So I decided to enroll again and joined the study group. Long story short- I ended up studying C and Python. I evaluated myself for what I want to create. If I want to create a online music streaming application, I will definitely need to know web technologies. It took only five minutes to decide that I will switch to web development. It was because I lacked total faith in android application development (This is me and my only opinion. Android Development is very nice and fun). I wanted more fun. I just want flexibility and more importantly I don’t want to write the two different code for two mobile operating system for the same application. So yes damn right I switched. (This was before Kotlin was announced). The night was long that night. I am still depending on my parents and I am doing what I want to do rather than what I should do. You might say that I am a burden to the family. Well……………….welcome to one of my nightmares……!!!!!!!!

To be continued…………………………………….